those of you who are here in our studio
audience know the Hollywood Walk of Fame
is right outside and tomorrow mark
hamill who of course played Luke
Skywalker is getting a star on that walk
of faith we're fortunate enough to have
them outside our theater right now is
one of the say congratulations and Mark
mark but did some of these things
nothing out mark its Jimmy Kimmel oh hi
Jimmy hey congratulations on your storm
thanks what are you doing well I just
picked out my spot for the star I'm
getting it ready for tomorrow wait a
minute that's my that's your mind that's
my star you're jacking up yeah well not
anymore
hey Jimmy I got an idea watchin put your
star in front of hooter I don't want
mine to be in front of Hooters you can't
just dig up my star and put yours in my
spot Jimmy this is not your song that's
not I know what you're doing a Jedi mind
trick that doesn't work that only works
in the movie so forget it
what movie star wars
exactly this is a star war and guess
what Jimmy I'm winning you know Donald
Donald Trump as a star right across the
street yeah thank you
all right thanks for watching if you
liked that video click the subscribe
button and if you didn't like it will
you hurt my feelings